[datadog_synthetics_test] Add support for grpc subtype (#1500)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/synthetics_test.md

- `number_of_packets` (Number) Number of pings to use per test for ICMP tests (`subtype = "icmp"`) between 0 and 10.
- `port` (Number) Port to use when performing the test.
- `servername` (String) For SSL tests, it specifies on which server you want to initiate the TLS handshake, allowing the server to present one of multiple possible certificates on the same IP address and TCP port number.

> - `service` (String) For gRPC tests, service to target for healthcheck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `service` (String) For gRPC tests, service to target for health check.
```

Author: I purposefully put healthcheck to match what we have in the UI. If we're to change that's a discussion I need to have with my PMs.

- `number_of_packets` (Number) Number of pings to use per test for ICMP tests (`subtype = "icmp"`) between 0 and 10.
- `port` (Number) Port to use when performing the test.
- `servername` (String) For SSL tests, it specifies on which server you want to initiate the TLS handshake, allowing the server to present one of multiple possible certificates on the same IP address and TCP port number.

> - `service` (String) For gRPC tests, service to target for healthcheck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `service` (String) For gRPC tests, service to target for health check.
```
